Add feature gate to pod vertical resource scaling example (#45350)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/resize-container-resources.md

allocates resources for a pod based on its `requests`, and restricts the pod's
resource usage based on the `limits` specified in the pod's containers.

> Changing the resource allocation for a running Pod is currently an experimental feature;

Reviewer: IMO, even better:
```suggestion
Changing the resource allocation for a running Pod is an experimental feature in
Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}}
```

> the alternative is to delete the new Pod and let a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the alternative is to delete the Pod and let the
```

[workload controller](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/) make a replacement Pod

> that has a different size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that has a different resource requirement.
```

Let's say the CPU requirements have increased, and 0.8 CPU is now desired. This
is typically determined, and may be programmatically applied, by an entity such as
[VerticalPodAutoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler#readme) (VPA).

> The 'InPlacePodVerticalScaling' [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) must be
> enabled to scale Pod resources without restarting the Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes has experimental support for changing the resource allocation for a running
Pod; the alternative is to delete the new Pod and let a
[workload controller](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/) make a replacement Pod
that has a different size.
To use that experimental support, you must enable the
`InPlacePodVerticalScaling` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) for your control plane and for all nodes in your cluster.
```

However, this paragraph really belongs in the prerequisites section, earlier in the page.
